\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename limo.info
@settitle LIMO-MANUAL EARLY
@c %**end of header

@iftex
@macro limo
@math{\\lambda}imo@end macro
@end iftex

@ifinfo
@macro limo
λimo@end macro
@end ifinfo

@ifhtml
@macro limo
@html
&lambda;imo@end html
@end macro
@end ifhtml

@copying
This manual is for LIMO, version EARLY.
      Copyright @copyright{} 2012 M. Molle.

@quotation
GPL v3. 
@end quotation
@end copying

@titlepage
@title LIMO-MANUAL
@c     @subtitle SUBTITLE-IF-ANY
@c @subtitle SECOND-SUBTITLE
     @author M. Molle

@c	 The following two commands
@c	 start the copyright page.
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying

     Published by M. Molle
@end titlepage

@c So the toc is printed at the start.
@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top Limo

This manual is for LIMO, version EARLY.
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Limo Interpreter::
* Limo Language::
* Limo Standard-Functions::
* Limpy-Syntax::
* Generated Docs::
@c * Copying::
* Index::
@end menu

@node Limo Interpreter
@chapter Limo Interpreter

@heading Command line parameters
@example
$ limo @{ -n | <file> @}
@end example

@noindent
If limo gets started with @code{-n}, it refrains from loading
@code{init.limo} and there are only builtins available. This is mainly
useful for debugging the interpreter itself.

@node Limo Language
@chapter Limo Language

@node Limo Standard-Functions
@chapter Limo Standard-Functions
@menu
* SETQ::
@c SETF::
@c SETPLACEF::
@end menu

@node SETQ
@section SETQ

TYPE: builtin @*
SYNTAX: @code{(setq SYMBOL VALUE)}@*
@sp 1
Assigns VALUE to SYMBOL in the enclosing, current scope, possibly
creating it if it doesn't already exist.

Variables with the same name in upper scopes with the same name are
not touched and continue to exist.

@example
limo > (scope (setq x 1) 
              (scope (setq x 2) 
                     (write x)) 
              (write x))
2
1
-> 1
@end example

@node Limpy-Syntax
@chapter Limpy-Syntax

@node Generated Docs
@chapter Generated Docs

@include generated-docs.texinfo

@node Index
@c @chapter Index
@unnumbered Index

@printindex cp

@bye
